I'm going to ask you one question.
I'm going to try and catch a 5 o'clock plane.
I see the 5 o'clock and 9 o'clock.
I think I'll grab the 5.
And this came to me this morning at 5.15 or so.
I was driving to the airport.
But do you think that there is such a thing as bibliomania on the institutional level?
And I wonder if Texas is an example of that.
Certainly, Texas has been biblio-maniacal.
When you talk about having X number of Lady Chatterly's Lover, there is no sense to that.
Now, I have to say, that's going too far as opposed to it.
No, no.
There could be a sense to it.
The idea of the fact that there might have been textual changes.
If that's the case, but it probably isn't.
And also, this is the copy that was owned by Lady Adeline Morrell.
That's an entirely different argument.
But if they are acquiring this title to get as many copies of the first printing as they can, I just don't... Well, bibliomania is subject to many different definitions and interpretations.
Oh.
But I think that it's not necessarily a bad thing.
Do you think bibliomania is that?
Well, the title of my book is A Gentle Madness.
Well, I think there has to be a certain— I'm one myself, you know, and I confess it's like, you know, alcoholics in the office, I suppose.
Yeah, there has to be a certain amount of madness.
for an institution to buy things that they have really no guarantee are going to be relevant to research or .
It's a gut feeling.
It is a— Well, what motivates somebody or some place to go crazy—well, that's a wrong, that's an incorrect word, but—to do things.
to acquire books that you would never do for anything else.
I mean, you know, you'd go out to the dinner, and you'd say, geez, a hundred bucks or something for dinner.
No big deal, but, you know, you'd spend $500 for this John Cheever, John Cheever's first book, which comes to mind, $600.
Oh, it's wonderful, you know, mint, dust jacket, and without even breaking Sprite, you know, send it to me.
I can't speak to the motivation of individual book collectors.
I have to have it.
That's the phrase you hear all the time, I have to have it.
I can't speak to that because I'm not bitten by that bug.
I don't mind it in other people.
It must amuse you to see it too.
I appreciate it in other people.
They have the money and that's fine.
But I think that most collections that I have dealt with are dealing, institutional collections, are dealing more with research.
for public education.
Texas is by no means alone, by the way, in this.
I mean, the Lilly Library in Bloomington, the University of Illinois.